---
title: "どんな星空よりも、どんな思い出よりも"
date: 2018-01-03T01:18:59-08:00
draft: false
author: "Gelzone Unsas"
tags: ["Music"]
featured_image: 'https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/EVvv8ByKGyc/maxresdefault.jpg'
description: "chill and relaxing harmonic arrangement"
---

The song「どんな星空よりも、どんな思い出よりも」 is called "Donna Hoshizora yori mo, Donna Omoide yori mo" in Japanese, which translates to "More Than Any Starry Sky, More Than Any Memory." I was immediately in loved with this piece just by listening to the simple chords with **harmonic** intro. I would highly recommend to get the [original song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgjXvzk3wCU) a listen! <!--more-->

### About the Anime
"Imouto sae Ireba Ii." is a romantic comedy anime that follows the life of a novelist named Itsuki Hashima. Despite his success as a writer, Itsuki is a troubled individual who struggles with interpersonal relationships and has a nihilistic outlook on life. However, his life takes a turn when he meets a young girl named Chihiro, who reveals that she is his half-sister. ~~I know...kind of weebo~~ The anime follows Itsuki as he navigates his relationships with the people in his life, including his new sister and the friends he makes through his work. The show balances humor and drama to create a heartwarming story about the importance of family, love, and the meaning of life.

{{< youtube EVvv8ByKGyc >}}

The song is a touching ballad that reflects on the deep bond between siblings and the memories they share. The lyrics express the idea that no starry sky and no memories can surpass the love between siblings. The song adds emotional depth to the show and has become my favorite song of the anime. Looking back to the music video, I realized that there are a few mistakes I made, including some basic ones, such as tempo and camera focus issues :(.

